##Overview
Thank you for your interest in ideaDash's July idea contest. Our hope is that you post great idea(s), and potentially even promote those idea(s) to your friends, family, and the public at large to increase your chances of winning. One $1,000 (USD) cash prize will go to the person who posts the idea with the most unique paying backers. By posting your idea in July, you have entered the contest. To be clear, it does not matter how much money your idea raises, per se; what matters is that your idea gets the most unique paying backers. A backer is someone who puts funds towards an idea. Right now there is typically a $1.00 minimum to fund an idea, unless under special circumstances where a user may use credit to fund an idea, but this may not be available during the contest. May the best idea win!
Any of the following will be grounds for immediate disqualification for this contest and prize, as well as grounds for removing your user account and sequestering any funds owed to you: 1. Using stolen, lost, or any other credit card, debit card, or other funding method that is not your own. This is also illegal and may be prosecuted according to the fullest extent of the law. 2. Creating more that one user account for yourself for any reason, but especially to fund the same idea multiple times. 3. Encouraging anyone else to create more than one user account to fund your idea or any other idea more than once per real person. 4. Do anything else to try to game this contest that goes against the spirit of the contest. Remember, the spirit of the contest is to post an idea that gets the most unique, real people backers. ideaDash, in its sole discretion, can disqualify any contestant for any or no reason, but in particular it will attempt to disqualify any person that does not comply with the spirit of this contest. In the event that ideaDash suspects there are multiple users funding the same idea, ideaDash may, in its sole discretion and for the purposes of this contest, disqualify a user from the contest, or ideaDash may choose to disqualify any or all of the number of unique backers which it suspects is a duplicate person or the original user of a duplicate person in the final count towards the number of unique backers that an idea receives.
#Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions
##ideaDash July 2016 Idea Contest
####NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN
1.	This contest gives an opportunity for all eligible participants to win one (1) $1,000 (USD) prize. Participants must submit an eligible idea to be able to win. The winner will be the eligible participant who posts the eligible idea that gets the most unique paying backers in the month of July, 2016. Eligible participants and ideas are defined below. The sponsor of this contest is IDEADASH INC., PO Box 309, Dallastown, PA, 17313, USA. ideaDash may not fully enforce all of the rules or points of this contest, as it would be impossible to perfectly do this; however, they will try to enforce the rules with equity; but, in any event, all judgements by ideaDash are final and binding without regard to anyone else’s interpretations of the rules.
2.	Parameters of the contest:
a.	Eligible ideas may be posted from July 1, 2016 through July 31, 2016, regardless of time of day except that the days will begin and end based on the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard.
b.	All ideas, in order to be eligible may be subject to review by ideaDash to be sure they comply with applicable laws, and are approximately “PG-13” in nature. Also, ideaDash may disqualify any idea for any or no reason.
c.	The winner will be notified on or before 40 days after the end of the submission period.
3.	To be eligible, participants must agree to these rules and meet the following:
a.	Participant must contractually and legally be allowed to participate in this contest.
b.	Participant must be an individual, may only have one account on ideaDash.com, may only fund ideas from one account on the site, and may only post ideas from one account on the site.
c.	Participants cannot use anyone else’s account against their will or without their knowledge, and cannot create dummy accounts, fake accounts, accounts for other people, or any other method to get more that one paying backer per person.
d.	Participants may not encourage other people to make or use more than one account per person. Any such action will be grounds for disqualification, and even this occurring without the participant's knowledge can be grounds for disqualification or at least disqualifying those particular backers.
e.	Participants must fully agree to and comply with ideaDash.com’s Terms f Service and Privacy as linked to at ideadash.com and as ammended from time to time.
f.	Participant may not be a resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syrian. Also, a participant cannot be from any other country where it would be illegal for this U.S. based contest to take place. This contest is not valid anywhere where it is illegal.
g.	Participants must have attained to the age of majority and be 18 years old when they post an eligible idea.
h.	$1,000 prize will be given or sent to the winner by a means chosen by ideaDash. Prize will be sent within or close to within one month of receiving final details of the winner's’ residence, photo identification, and any other requested details, as required by prudence and/or law.
i.	The winner may be required to show how they promoted their idea in order to get paying backers.
j.	Participants, the backers of any participant's ideas, and the backer of any idea on the site may not use any stolen, lost, or any other credit card, debit card, or other funding method that is not your own. This is also illegal and may be prosecuted according to the fullest extent of the law.
4.	Entry:
a.	Participants must create an account, registered with their real name and a valid email, at ideaDash.com. The email must be readily accessible within one week of the winner email being sent as the winner will need to respond within one week to the winner notification email, to claim their prize. If no response is received, ideaDash may choose the next in line for a winner.
b.	Ties will be broken based on the idea which is posted first. If there is still a tie with this rule in place, prizes may be split among multiple winners.
c.	Participants must post their idea on ideadash.com between the contest entry dates. It may not be a duplicate of a previous idea unless the previous idea was from that particular participant prior to the current month.
d.	Ideas must be primarily in English.
e.	Ideas must be approximately PG-13 in nature, and may not be illegal to implement.
f.	Any participant may reach out to ideadash if they wish to be discluded from the contest. By posting an idea within the contest dates, you fully agree to these contest rules and terms, unless you opt-out of participation and consideration for this contest.
5.	Your rights, and lack of rights:
a.	By posting content to ideaDash, you may retain a copyright on that content; however, you give up to ideaDash the right to reproduce that content, in any form and with no payment or royalties, in perpetuity and throughout the entire universe. Also, in posting your content you give up any right to any specific patent that otherwise would have been obtainable from the content by not disclosing it, and you are allowing others to use your idea freely and without any payment or even credit to you.
b.	You do not have any right to any payment of any kind by posting content to ideaDash.com.
6.	Contest winner selection:
a.	The winner must be an eligible participant who submits an eligible idea.
b.	Participants may submit more than idea, but for this contest ideas will be evaluated individually as to which one has the most, or second most, etc. unique backers. The eligible idea with the most unique human paying backers will be the winning idea, and the prize will go to the eligible participant who posted the idea. The only unique backers which will be eligible to count for the purposes of this contest are funds which are received by ideaDash between July 1, 2016 and July 31, 2016 based on the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. Funds that are received outside of this time, that are charged back at any time, or that are not final but still pending may not count towards making a qualified, unique backer for the purposes of counting the total unique backers for an idea for this contest..
c.	ideaDash reserves the right to disqualify any idea that is negative, hateful, illegal, or otherwise deemed inappropriate or not furthering of humanity.
d.	ideaDash reserves the right to disqualify any user who posts content that is hateful, negative, illegal, or inappropriate. Also, any users who purposefully or accidentally disrupt ideaDash’s service, spam in any way, or don’t follow the spirit of this competition, may be disqualified.
e.	The spirit of this competition is for great, positive ideas to be posted, and ultimately for one great, positive idea to win, with the idea poster winning the $1,000 (USD) prize.
f.	Participants must agree to comply with any reasonable requests by ideaDash for where the inspiration for any ideas came from, and for information on how success in the contest was achieved.
7.	Limitation of liability:
a.	IDEADASH and any of its employees or related persons do not have liability to any users of the site or service in any circumstances, or anyone connected to or entering this contest, as that liability is restrictable to the fullest extent under the law. In any event, if any court deems IDEADASH liable for anything, the amount that we can be made liable for anything shall not exceed one hundred U.S. dollars ($100.00) in total for any and all suits, combined.
8.	Rights of Sponsor:
a.	We may adjust entry times and timeframes referenced as necessary due to technical issues and unforeseen circumstances.
b.	We may suspend or cancel the contest at any time for any reason or no reason.
c.	We may make errors in notifying people of prizes: any such errors does not mean that we are obligated to pay out such prizes.
d.	We make all judgements as to the winner of the contest, and all idea and participant eligibility, and all of our judgements are final.
9.	Tax Responsibility: In order to make payouts to any users or contest winner(s), either with real or virtual currency, IDEADASH may be required to request tax identification numbers of any user so that we may pass this and any required payout information to necessary governmental entities. IDEADASH reserves the right to restrict payouts to users or winner(s) if they do not supply requested tax identification numbers.
10.	Content Agreement: Any content, whether text, image, video, or any other content, posted by a user on IDEADASH's site or service, may be used by IDEADASH or anyone IDEADASH transfers this right to, in any way, in perpetuity, and throughout the whole world and universe. A user may use the content elsewhere and retains all rights to the content except the right to restrict IDEADASH and its assigns from using it in any way that they see fit. A user may not post any content which he or she does not have the right and/or copyright to post, and a user may not post anything illegal.
11.	Service and Contest Limitations: IDEADASH is committed to obeying U.S. law. Any of our service, contest, and site is subject to change, blockage, or disruption at any time and in any way to remain in compliance with U.S. law, and possibly the laws of other countries. In any cases when the U.S. mandates or has mandated that IDEADASH and/or U.S.-based companies can or cannot do something, IDEADASH can restrict or end service to certain peoples or geographies at any time, without liability. Due to U.S. trade and/or other U.S. laws and/or IDEADASH's discretion, IDEADASH cannot trade with and is forbidden to service the countries of and people within Cuba, Iran, Lebanon, Syria, North Korea, Libya, Sudan, and Somalia. Also, IDEADASH may exclude other countries and/or peoples at any time at its sole discretion. There may be certain individuals that IDEADASH will not service or payout to for legal reasons or discretionary reasons. In addition, IDEADASH may choose to only service no more than those countries serviceable by PayPal's or another third-party payment provider's payment system. IDEADASH is limited to servicing in U.S. dollars and certain countries according to the capabilities of PayPal and the discretion of IDEADASH, but IDEADASH may choose to include other currencies or countries in the future as they desire, if serviceable by the systems that IDEADASH employs. IDEADASH reserves the right to not provide a list of all of the countries that they will service, as it is fluid and potentially changing at any time. As a minumum, IDEADASH will always attempt to service the United States of America.
12.	Indemnification: If IDEADASH is ever involved in a lawsuit due to any actions of any of its users (including contest participants), that user must fully defend and not allow IDEADASH to be held liable for any damages, compensation, or any other monetary or non-monetary reward or punishment as required from any courts to any person.
13.	No Warranty: IDEADASH makes no warranties about the performance of the site, contest, or services. This site is provided "as is" and may not perform in any particular way, ever. We make efforts to have it perform well, but it may not. This site may not be useful for any purpose and any and all risk of using this site lies with the user, not with IDEADASH. There will never be a warranty from IDEADASH or any other party for use of the site or services, even if another agreement may say otherwise.
14.	Termination and Survival: If a user terminates their user account for any reason, this Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions shall still survive and bind the user in regards to the contest, in any and all circumstances; however, IDEADASH reserves the right to free a user from such binding in its sole discretion.
15.	Governing Law: The user agrees that this site and its functions are only headquartered in Pennsylvania, as it is situated in the United States of America. The user agrees that in any and all circumstances, except at the exception solely of IDEADASH's accord and decision, this Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
16.	Disputes: The user and IDEADASH agree that any and all disputes shall be resolved outside of the courts and without interference from any third parties if at all possible. If no other resolution can be found, any issues arising from this Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions shall be settled in the courts of and according to the laws of the State of Delaware, in the United States of America.
17.	Disclaimers: In using ideadash.com and/or participating in this contest, users are solely responsible to obey all applicable laws, including but not limited to paying any applicable taxes on any funds received from the contest, site, and/or service.
18.	English Language: In the event that there are any non-English language versions of this Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions, the English language version will always be the only and final authority for any questions or issues regarding the Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions.
19.	Information Disclosed to IDEADASH: Any time any person posts, sends, emails, or otherwise discloses any content, ideas, or information to IDEADASH in any form or to any of its related people (such as employees) or in any way, these content, ideas, and/or information are considered unsolicited, and IDEADASH has the full right to directly use, add to, subtract from, and modify those content, ideas, and/or information to improve, add to, or modify IDEADASH, at IDEADASH's sole discretion, with no credit, payment, money, or attribution owed to the person who sent IDEADASH the content, ideas, or information, even if the user says that such information is confidential or requiring any payment or fees of any kind from IDEADASH. However, IDEADASH will try to credit the originator of such content in many or most cases, at its sole discretion. Also, while IDEADASH has the freedom to use the content as it wishes, the person who originated the content retains all other protections for the content, such as any copyright protections, other than those protections which would prohibit IDEADASH's use of the content.
20.	Severability: If any part of this Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions is declared unenforceable or invalid, the remainder will continue to be valid and enforceable. If IDEADASH does not act upon any part of this Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions, that part of the Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions shall still be in full force along with all other parts of the Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions.
21.	Official Rules: These Official Contest Rules, Terms, and Conditions are the final terms for this contest. They cannot be changed except by the sponsor. The sponsor may communicate additional rules or guidelines to participants that should be followed, but in any event, these are the final rules and if any additional communicated rules contradict these rules, these are the rules that should be followed, and these are the rules which shall be binding.
